I study philosophy, psychology and neuroscience. I like to call myself the student of above domains. I started this barely 1.5 years ago due to relationship issues and loneliness that love puts you into. 

Later I found it interesting on learning these as it feeds more of my cognitive thinking than the coding stuff and one damn good reason for learn this is that you can experiment your learning in people. Wait wait I don't mean it  not extremely—but yea its kinda fun though. You know that's why we love online PVP game more than offline story game. Because in online you are not actually killing a enemy also you are defeating an another man like you. That's how reward system works.

These studies also helped me to understand the surroundings and situation more better. Some times it is fun sometimes it is too dangerous — Yea you will be very empathetic when you know how each words makes impact to listeners and you will listen, observe everything happening, In this case I learned to normalize myself that sometimes we will obviously hurt others with our humble personality too, and we should not overthink that (At-least that is how I am).

**Warning ⚠️**
The study of philosophy is actually considered not much contributing to world and peoples. To be honest and from my experience yes it is very true. If you ask me is it ok to get into philosophy. I would suggest not to. Sometimes it will put existentialism and nihilism thoughts to you so deeply then we will struggle with daily life. But some how with Albert Camus, Gita and a lot of my own researches I helped myself to get rid of it, But it is tough and there is no permanent solution for side effects of learning philosophy.